whatever I get old oh shit
yeah beep it's still shit no shit
brother float since your voice still
sick and tired of these higher as well
as I still hear ya that will never fit a
black passion no listen to my shop doing
good she is finished I'm leaving my own
seen you throw heals Paul Pierce
overshadowed by your younger nigga from
Chicago but no bullshit about that booze
on me run though running these rappers
down the drain so I dispose this pose
the garbage on the fast road from my
gold taught me Sonny
yeah I'm a hair child bitch I like it
here I'll pitch it quick and leave a bad
taste like I'm smearing out it's toxic
take the flow cut my shit to see boss
over these uh dance niggas Li chase ya
toward us in this race and I'm winning
back my hair down there is no catching
me watch your mouth blushing
you were gonna see
great rise up will bear will wear my
rhyme someone check this out my shotgun
I'm that wound wish you kept I'm they're
doing right for your niggas right till I
bust them in the to take away from the
rap call you niggas in the news they say
with the track so that be
you swagger down check yeah the boy in
the pool but there is no lying in the
jungle and I'm the truth put that shit
oh my god fuck the day it cross my heart
I'm the only nigga with dumb float but
that's really smart clever shit I Spit
rainbow my chick giving her trade Nick
true post no trick time waste no niggas
know fish say got they're getting
stopped
no shit bitch I'm on another spring on
this boat like Sesame
oh my scholar boys so we ain't no
testing me yeah rip the Gator - the food
zoo folk oh my shut job boys are testing
me this rap will be the death of me i
spit crack slam I move to the play music
is my truck turn addicted to this club
now you know I'm trying but it ain't no
good so me homeless at that case will be
shooting down he goes
self-esteem playful apples get the
preacher wisdom is my biggest feature
words make you look niggas wrong like a
gym teacher p/e got a silly exercise
Cordele get my shit out over the land
like getting on your spiel pollute the
streets with my rap my children right
before I trap I never see you over now
you boys the shit I'm over crap my birth
right and I'm going around do this shit
until I'm home music and bodies my soul
my notebook embellished and go Patna
son that is so strict in my own episode
news didn't beat my whole life
my answer so soaked into the cut seal
till my fam out know yeah I'm gonna make
it one day my half notes in push away
that negative shit like the force field
I'm going in with my rap you boys